Added example for CPP Dll useage (#3157)
tauri-apps/tauri: examples/tauri-dynamic-lib/Readme.md

# Readme

> This is an example of running tauri within a dynamic shared library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of compiling tauri as a dynamic shared library and running it from another app.
```

> This is an example of running tauri within a dynamic shared library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of compiling tauri as a dynamic shared library and running it from another app.
```

Author: now updated

  * src-tauri is an example of a library containing code to launch a tauri webview window.

>   * src-app1 is a small example of calling the function within the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * src-app1 is a small example of calling tauri from a dynamic shared library through FFI.
```

Author: now updated
